com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityDistributeCourseBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityDistributeCourseBinding
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivitySearchStuInfoBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivitySearchStuInfoBinding
com/example/sims/database/CourseDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.sims.database.CourseDatabase_Impl
 com.example.sims.database.CourseDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityTeacherBinding
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityModifyStuInfoBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityModifyStuInfoBinding
com/example/sims/database/ScoreDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.sims.database.ScoreDatabase_Impl
 com.example.sims.database.ScoreDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityPersonalFileBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityPersonalFileBinding
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityTeachTaskBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityTeachTaskBinding
com/example/sims/database/StudentDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.sims.database.StudentDatabase_Impl
 com.example.sims.database.StudentDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/sims/dao/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sims.dao.UserDao_Impl
 com.example.sims.dao.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.example.sims.dao.UserDao_Impl$2
com/example/sims/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.sims.BuildConfig
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityScoreBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityScoreBinding
com/example/sims/dao/StudentDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sims.dao.StudentDao_Impl
 com.example.sims.dao.StudentDao_Impl$1
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityAdminBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityAdminBinding
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityAddStuBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityAddStuBinding
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityModifyBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityModifyBinding
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityModifyStuScoreBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityModifyStuScoreBinding
com/example/sims/dao/ScoreDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sims.dao.ScoreDao_Impl
 com.example.sims.dao.ScoreDao_Impl$1
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityStudentBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityStudentBinding
com/example/sims/database/UserDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.sims.database.UserDatabase_Impl
 com.example.sims.database.UserDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/sims/dao/CourseDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sims.dao.CourseDao_Impl
 com.example.sims.dao.CourseDao_Impl$1
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityClassMatesBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityClassMatesBinding
com/example/sims/databinding/ActivityModifyScoreBinding.java
 com.example.sims.databinding.ActivityModifyScoreBinding
